Editor pass - Add rituals section to brand page (#5299)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/brand.md

  * Avoid using SVGs or icon fonts.
3. Click the __Export__ button.

## Rituals

> Directly Responsible Individuals (DRI) engage in the rituals below at the frequency specified.

Reviewer: Yours is better, but I think we can still make this more friendly. Something like:
"The following table lists the Brand group's rituals, frequency, and directly responsible individual (DRI)."  

That would need to be consistent across all groups, swapping out "Brand," obvs.

Author: I like it.

| Ritual                       | Frequency                | Description                                         | DRI               |
|:-----------------------------|:-----------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Documentation quality | Daily | Review pull requests for tone and brand consistency. | Mike Thomas |
| Tweet review | Daily | Review tweets for tone and brand consistency. | Mike Thomas |

> | Community Slack  | Daily   | Check Fleet and osquery Slack channels for community questions and ensure questions are responded to and logged. | Kathy Satterlee |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Community Slack  | Daily   | Check Fleet and osquery Slack channels for community questions and make sure questions are responded to and logged. | Kathy Satterlee |
```
I keep meaning to add "ensure" to our rules. We can Mr. Rogers it by making sure that we always use "make sure" rather than "ensure."
